[music]
yes and yes
Well, what if we j on it, I already even whole
glades in the forest
the main thing to watch for when it blooms
eating it causes
drench no effect at once in
life can and suffer
and we will not immediately become big and I will die
I think that gradually because and if
immediately with the habit can even go
but we do it all correctly and
in time we will erase this magic grass that we
will be so big
[music]
even imagination
listen to vanyus who happened here
nonsense probably some bows of
fashion came out
suddenly something serious
I'll run to watch our grass and you go
quickly see what's there and catch up with me all
something else to lead someone
and do not linger.
[music]
what else
Kuzya okay they will not find you Kuzma not
there is
There is no crying calm
well please find you i promise
[music]
Remember where you could leave it and
because at the apiary then rocked on
swing then sat on a bench then
victory for dragonfly shorter you do not know
where he left and what are you doing here
you are digging
Nyusha lost this as his
I promised we will find now a minute to
a minute your grass will bloom
want to be big and he and
[music]
everything
listen not good i promised and then you
here bye
and I 'll find this ace in no time and come back
hedgehog hedgehog
they bloom just two minutes
[music]
went on the bow who went to the apiary
on Easter thuja thuja thuja where are you
be
the flow that was anton was swinging on
swing then sat on the bench
[music]
victory and went
then went to bad at the apiary or
wanted gollum
[music]
here
friends that are not hooked in the fact of the matter
that bloomed
for three minutes when it is necessary but you
managed to eat
flowers yes that's just the point
I brought you so much sense about them
already there are no deductions right there
tearing down
why are you crying and listening took off
Dory I will now be big
but yet I'll still will not give in
honest word will not give promise I promise
only you still eat this all of a sudden
it will help bitter once not
you can suffer yes yes yes yes
[music]
[applause]